
For Glory and Gold:

After a good night's sleep and hearty morning breakfast, the trio of Kyrsp, Burkx and Khazull got to the business of discussing how to proceed with their findings at <a href="http://stoneandsteel.yuku.com/topic/3890/">Achatain Lair</a>.  After much debate, no consensus was reached other than that a higher authority must be consulted.  To that end, the group headed out in search of Warfield, Dwarf Lord of the Stone and Steel.

The barkeep had no suggestion as to where Warfield might be, so the lads headed to the stables to confirm whether his steed was still in the village.  Surely enough it was, so the lads headed to the practice yard, a common place for aspiring Dwarves to be found.  Warfield was not there.  Demoralized at the lack of fruit from their search, the lads chose to find a scribe so they might record a map of their findings and capture notes on next steps.

Entering the library, all was quiet but for some bustling in some back room.  Investigating the noises, hopeful of finding their scribe, the party finally uncovered their quary.  There was Warfield seated behind a stout oaken desk, covered in notes, scrolls and carefully placed candles.

"Ahoy Warfield!" the party exclaimed almost at once as they pressed into the room surprising the squire and scribes in attendance.  Warfield looked up wearily.  From his demeanor and the number of burned down candles on the table, it had not been a pleasant evening for the Dwarf Lord.

"Ho Lads.", said Warfield after a moment's pause of shuffled papers.  "What brings yeh about?"  Confronted with an opportunity to plead their case to the Dwarf Lord himself, the trio hesitated.  Eventually Krysp ventured to speak.  The words rolling faster from his tongue as he got into the meat of the tale.  Bringing the last days travails to a close, Krysp fell to a silence which clung in the room broken by the creak of Warfield's chair as he leaned forward to pick a piece of parchment he had earlier covered.

"Spiders yeh say?  An' a cave full o' 'em?"  Warfield handed the paper to Krysp who scanned its content and passed the page around.  "Ah've plainly got no time fer a cave full o' spiders!"  At this, Warfield stood.  "Gather what lads yeh will fer your spelunkin'.  Fer mehself we'll be rallying to help the lads in Seawatch Coast."  And with that, Warfield walked out leaving the Dwarves and Gnome staring at an empty chair.

The scribe in attendance filled in the details:  It seems the Minotaur in the area of Seawatch Coast, a tribal peoples, have begun warring with one another and this warring has spread to the villages around Minotaur lands.  While the villages themselves have asked for help, and offered reward for the assistance, the Minotaur who control the arena grounds themselves are also offering good coin to help bring the issue to resolution.  The scribe suggested that an opportunity to come to the assistance of those in need combined with a rich reward for doing so would be exactly what the Dwarf legion needed to rouse its numbers.

----

Days later, with thoughts of Spiders pushed neatly to a side, the four adventurers, Warfield, Krysp, Burkx and Khazull appeared in Seawatch Coast, on the western edge of Qalia.  They spoke with the locals and began reconnoitering the area.
