Trakan's Treachery - Blood in the Sand

The march north had been forced so the Dwarven Legion could take the Minotaur unaware.  As such, the deployment south was leasurely in comparison.  Warfield had his Dwarves strike a path which would lead them near the Arena such that he might parley with Champion Trakan for resupply as well as allowing the Legion a brief respite from their travel.

As the army made camp to the east of the Arena, Warfield's scout returned with word that Trakan would meet later in the day.  The scouts included in their report that the Minotaur in the area were uneasy with the Dwarves arrival when they had expected an expedition of Arena Minotaur to be returning bearing the same news.

Warfield sat restless waiting for Trakan to attend him.  Upon Trakan's entrance, the mood darkened further as the scout's information was confirm.  Trakan had sent a force of Minotaur to the north before having brought the matter to the Dwarves in anticipation of spoils for himself.  Warfield's forced march was unexpected and the Dwarves success brought a glower to Trakan's face.  

When bargaining was concluded and Warfield retired he reflected on the new tone being displayed by Trakan, and the difficulty in getting a fair reward for the Legion's efforts.  Warfield pulled aside some trusted Dwarves for an assignment ... stay behind at the Arena to keep an eye on activities here while the remainder of the legion completes their assignment in the south.

---

The small group of Stone and Steel entered the lists for group gladitorial combat.  The new names on the roster caused quite a stir, and the lack of Warfield in the ranks gave competators a new resolve that vanquishing these Dwarves might be at hand.  As such, these games overflowed with entrants.

Early pairings between Dwarf and Minotaur were exciting the the crowds, but relatively uneventful to the Dwarves as they handily dispatched their adversaries.  Between encounters there was plenty of time to make rounds and see what these Minotaur were up to.  Burkx spent his time in the pens talking up the combatants to see what they would share, Gun went into the crowds, Krysp to the diases where the elite (including Trakan) were seated while Khazull took to the shadows to see what he could see.

Comparing notes, the Dwarves and Gnome came to consensus that the Arena Minotaur resented the ongoing success of the Stone and Steel.  Trakan is unable to confront this problem without losing face with his people, thus the subtrafuge of sending warriors in the north.  It also seems that the assignment to the south is against a Minotaur people that the Arena folks have never managed to best and the inteligence givent to Warfield under-represented that fact.  A disturbing pieces of information, but not one the four-some could communicate to the legion.

While the party was in the sand fighting a pitched battle, shouts went up among the watchers on the southern wall.  The Dwarves have overrun one of the temples in the south.  While the crowd was jubilent at the news, Trakan did not appear so pleased.  Undoubtedly related, the next encounter for the Gladitorial group was not so easy to overcome.  The group had rarely set itself against elementals, and while they were certain the rules did not include such adverseries, that is who they found themselves against.  Magics flew and weapons flashed as the battle raged on.  When finally the last of the elementals' flame was extinguished the south wall erupted once more in a clamour.  Warfield and the Stone and Steel had secured the last of the southern temples.  Dispite the odds, they had overcome.

At this, the Champion Trakan threw back his head and roared.  He took to his feet and charged the arena sands.  "Defend yourselves!" he shouted, as the melee was joined.

Weary from their previous battle, the party steeled itself for the sudden and violent encounter.  Trakan was a giant of a Minotaur, towering more than thrice the hight of a Dwarf.  Making this their advantage, Burkx and Khazull closed inside the Minotaur's weapon arc slicing and piercing at his legs to slow his mobility.  Tharak was an expert warrior though and adapted, using the haft of his double headed axes to gain space.  The battle went back and forth like this until finally the bleeding took its tole and Tharak began to slow.  Krysp used his magics to further weary the Minotaur while Gun kept the Dwarves from succumbing to the massive Minotaur.

Finally Trakan fell.  An uneasy hush fell over the crowd through none challenged the Stone and Steel party.  The sand churned with blood and ashes,  
